docs: copilot feature flags info update (#4037)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/copilot/index.adoc

- Vaadin Copilot contains all of the functionality found previously in Development Tools.
- It's possible to disable Vaadin Copilot using `vaadin.copilot.enable=false` system property.
- It's not possible to disable explicitly any AI features of Vaadin Copilot.

> - Experimental, new features of Vaadin Copilot are available under the `copilotExperimentalFeatures` feature flag. See the <<{articles}/flow/configuration/feature-flags#,Feature Flags>> page to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experimental Copilot features are available behind the `copilotExperimentalFeatures` feature flag. See <</flow/configuration/feature-flags#,Feature Flags>> to learn more.
```

Reviewer: Could we list what those experimental features are? Now the reader is left guessing, without any incentive to enable this flag except pure curiosity.

Author: It would be really hard to maintain that list across different branches. We might consider listing those in Copilot itself, somewhere in Features panel maybe...
